John is a computer science major at some prestigious school. He's a genius in the making, but his scores
never really shows that. Due to his poor organizing, time management skills, and possibly memory he usually
forgets to complete assignments or finished but completely forgot about handing it in. John realizes that if
he wanted to show his genius and start doing better than decent he needed something to organize himself.
John signs up for PlannIt, and creates a planner just for his classes. 
It keeps track of important due dates, meetings, and if he totally forgot about an assignment PlannIt will
notify John in real time that a due date is coming up. No more forgetting about an assignment or forgetting
to hand it in for John or at least the excuse of forgetting.

Robert is a business man, a very successful one at that. Before being a successful business man Robert
used to work for other companies and he had a bad habit of how to spend his money. He'd forget that his budget
was some dollar amount and just think "I need this product right now", that's not the mind set of a business
man. One day Robert has an idea that he'd like to make a reality, little did he know it would some day be
acknowledged as one of the best ideas in history. In order to create his business he needed money, he needed
to manage it, and he needed investors. Robert decides he needs a planner to organize himself and something
to manage his budget, profits, and a history of how many of his product sold in a certain time span because he
knew he wasn't very good with that. Robert signs up for PlannIt and designs his own planner with modules related
towards finance and business. Now Robert is easily keeping track of business meetings, monetary issues, and how to sell his product.

Anthony is a just a regular guy, except for the fact that he has superpowers and saves the world every single day.
Anthony is just always busy saving people left and right and stopping wars from happening around the globe.
He's just so busy that he can't keep track of everything with just his mind. Anthony uses his secret identity
to sign up for PlannIt and creates his planner to notify him when someone needs to be saved, when there's 
a sparring match with a fellow superhero, and when a supervillian needs a good lesson.

Emily is a mother of 3 children and each of these 3 children have birthdays within the same week. Emily is adamant to have 3 separate parties and has
to plan the events for each of these birthdays and manage her budget per party. She also has to manage work on
top of getting the party ready. Emily knows this is the worst week of the year, so to make it easier on herself
this year she signs up for PlannIt so she doesn't have to worry about forgetting to buy a certain item, worry
about going over her budget, or have to open several tabs or go through many links just to organize herself.

Don Quixote is more towards the hardcore video gamer path and has participated in a few gaming tournaments himself.
This time he's participating in a tournament in which he requires teamwork, leadership, and most importantly
organization. The tournament is split into 8 divisions of randomized selected people per team. Each team's
goal is to start from a starting point, each team differing in starting points but equal in length from the finish,
but the map is structured as a labyrinth. Each team member are given 1 life in the game and once their in game
character dies you're eliminated, death can occur from traps, rival teams attack, etc.. Don Quixote, being the
most experienced in the group has been elected as the team's leader. He knew in order to conquer the labyrinth
he must remember each step he takes as well as other team members, he instantly knew from past experience
that this tournament consisted of timed events and hidden riddles in order to correctly traverse the labyrinth.
He quickly planned out how to avoid certain timed traps, made logical decisions using a basic calculator, and
record certain routes and dead ends. He knew the only thing capable of that in one app was PlannIt with his
own customized sets of modules. 
